the good result put the video when I thought about leaving with
four of about five thousand
do not miss another topic unveil Friday after the null with great style
Pinwheel marquinhos
catherine left the team behind
blige and the tenor pilasters will result in the
with 18 years and a half left
he got stuck
and I dedicated myself a lot and green and yellow after stepped on the ball went out
steering wheel company
just there
ae
the other suspect
lourinhã gold in addition
not
the arena
did not give penalty applied
ah sand
oh look there
still
there
Besides that
ryan
from one side of another
the line
paulinho and danilo and jorge henrique
all that
edinho
Paulo
laughs
every day
year to date
the fleet to this
beach ah
mariana
case
srf
- I did it
ae
not
but the trick is because
Rafael
yes Rafael
not
each
case
not
beyond the river
I'm turning the club on the resume I'm going to say nothing was a difficult race
not
however, Colombia
I can not sleep